CI upgrades (#1108)
deepinv/deepinv: .github/workflows_summary.md

# GitHub Actions Workflows

This document describes all CI/CD workflows of the library.

---

## Testing

### `test_pr.yml` — Test PRs
**Trigger:** Pull requests targeting `main`.

> Runs the full test suite on every pull request using [Pixi](https://pixi.sh) environments. Tests are executed in parallel (`-n 2`) on both **Ubuntu** and **Windows** with Python 3.12 and all optional dependencies. Uses [pytest-testmon](https://github.com/tarpas/pytest-testmon) to skip tests unaffected by the changes, speeding up CI. Coverage reports are uploaded to [Codecov](https://codecov.io). Also runs doctests from inline module docstrings (`--doctest-modules`).

Reviewer: say why we use pixi instead of pip or uv (which are more widely used)

Author: done, to handle both conda and pip dependencies

> Runs the full test suite on every pull request using [Pixi](https://pixi.sh) environments. Tests are executed in parallel (`-n 2`) on both **Ubuntu** and **Windows** with Python 3.12 and all optional dependencies. Uses [pytest-testmon](https://github.com/tarpas/pytest-testmon) to skip tests unaffected by the changes, speeding up CI. Coverage reports are uploaded to [Codecov](https://codecov.io). Also runs doctests from inline module docstrings (`--doctest-modules`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runs the full test suite on every pull request. Installs `deepinv` using [`pixi`](https://pixi.sh). Tests are executed in parallel (`-n 2`) on both **Ubuntu** and **Windows** with Python 3.12 and all optional dependencies. Uses [pytest-testmon](https://github.com/tarpas/pytest-testmon) to skip tests unaffected by the changes, speeding up CI. Coverage reports are uploaded to [Codecov](https://codecov.io). Also runs doctests from inline module docstrings (`--doctest-modules`).
```

---

### `test_recurrent_main.yml` — Test main
**Trigger:** Daily schedule (03:30 UTC) and every push to `main`.

Nightly full test suite run on the `main` branch. Covers three configurations:
- Ubuntu with all optional dependencies
- Ubuntu with no optional dependencies
- Windows with all optional dependencies

> Uses testmon caching to accelerate repeated runs, and uploads coverage + test results to Codecov. Only runs on the `deepinv/deepinv` repository (not forks).

Reviewer: what do we cache with testmon? Since we are testing everything

> Uses testmon caching to accelerate repeated runs, and uploads coverage + test results to Codecov. Only runs on the `deepinv/deepinv` repository (not forks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses testmon caching to accelerate repeated runs, and uploads coverage + test results to Codecov. Only runs on `deepinv/main`.
```

---

> ### `test_gpu.yml` — Test GPU

Reviewer: maybe we can also add here the slash commands in PRs?

- Converts all Python examples in `examples/` to Jupyter notebooks.
- Uploads the built docs as a GitHub Actions artifact.
- Runs doctests on `.rst` files under `docs/`.

---

### `gpu_docs.yml` — GPU Docs
**Trigger:** Daily schedule (02:30 UTC), pushes to `main`, or manual dispatch specifying a PR number.

Builds the full documentation on a **self-hosted GPU runner**, ensuring that all examples run correctly in a GPU environment. Follows the same smart diff logic as `documentation.yml` for selective example rebuilding. Additionally:
- Runs Sphinx doctests.
- Converts examples to notebooks.
- Deploys the built docs to **GitHub Pages** (`gh-pages` branch) on pushes to `main`.
- Posts a success/failure comment with artifact and run links back to the PR when triggered for a specific PR.

---

## Linting & Code Quality

### `lint.yml` — Lint
**Trigger:** Pushes to `main` and pull requests targeting `main`.

Enforces code style and quality:

> - **[Black](https://black.readthedocs.io):** Checks code formatting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[black](https://black.readthedocs.io):** Checks code formatting.
```
